they travel up to ten kilometers a day
in search of food but a lot of the time
they call to each other
twittering and chirping keeping everyone
close together out in the open plains
they're highly vulnerable and they need
to be extra vigilant each animal makes
regular checks for danger so the group
as a whole is continually vigilant
dangerous
Eagle approach changes this is a martial
eagle a real threat it could easily
carry off an adult Mongoose the group
head for the cover of the trees
selected special feature
they're mobbing behavior managed to
thwart the attack luck in it this was an
immature bird had this been an
experienced adult they might not have
been so lucky so the pack has made it to
safety and the shade of a tree mission
successful not yet a shady tree is a
premium site and can attract unwelcome
visitors and as fate would have it here
they are heading straight for the tree
lions don't usually bother with
mongooses and anyway it's too hot for
hunting even so it's wise not to take
chances
the group's Capuchin panic and takes
whatever they can find
they're now safe but the group is split
and trapped a divided pack is greatly
weakened and all the members are nervous
even worse one member has been left
stranded this is a disaster and shows
the downside to living in a group alone
you can't function
let's review its survival skills speed
special skill deactivated the Mongoose
is instinct to stay with the pack is
overwhelmingly strong and it's calls
only compound the problem it's
irresistible to a young lioness